Designing your reality is a relatively straightforward thing. It's basically within the words. So to design means to build structure, plan something out your as it pertains to you, and reality, meaning everything. So you're gonna build or structure a plan out for how you wanna live. It's as simple as that.

Now, it takes a while before a simple answer can kind of hit your mind to be like, oh, that's really interesting. That's all it is. And you don't have to go down this complicated spiritual path. But you know, everything is what it is now. I think a lot of people, they get caught in this stage where they try to convince other people in their lives.

That. Alright, I got this new plan, this is what I'm gonna do. Here's my new habits or behaviors and uh, you know, you should accept it or give me approval that this is what I should do. I think a lot of people, they get caught up in that phase where they try to convince other people in the world around them that they're changing or they're about to change or they want to change.

And if they just get enough of those like points from everyone else saying that, yeah, we agree this is what you should do. Then they'll actually do it. And, uh, even then, you know, that's already starting off from a flawed position. So actually the first thing to actually do when you want to design your reality is basically perform a self-audit on the entire terrain of your life, including relationships, including, uh, habits, behaviors, things that you do on a repeated basis.

Just like how do you live your life? How are you living your life, and is it in alignment with what you want? Now it's an odd thing because you know, when you're in that sort of low place where your, your life is very much undesigned, you, you don't really even trust what you want because what you want is, uh, almost like to escape out of this and they're not really genuinely true wants.

So you almost have to tuck that aside for a bit and just like put your life together in a way that's like you follow a logical structure. Now with where I'm currently at with all this, it's like I don't really have a plan. I don't have a, a a five year plan, a a five year, anything. I don't even have like a year plan hardly.

I I have like maybe a three month plan. That's about it. And if you know, you know that the frequency lately has been wild. I mean, you can barely plan what's gonna happen tomorrow. And so effectively, I think that. To design your reality. It's about harnessing your own inner potential as clearly as possible in ensuring that you're living throughout that every single day, and then you can watch the design happen for you.

You know, I mean, a lot of people they talk about like manifestation. I'm, I'm manifesting my dream reality. I'm stepping into abundance, I'm creating my reality. And I mean, it's true, it's fine. Uh, you like you do. Do these things kind of, but also there's this grander design that's in place in your own reality where it's like, well, things happen that you can't necessarily predict that they're gonna happen, but yet you're presented with this design and now I must do something with it and make the right choice.

And oftentimes it's an intuitive choice and of times it's really not. You have to almost write down what you're actually about to do and even write down what your own, what yourself is even thinking about what you're gonna do. And so having almost like a basic. Level of distrust in your intuition when you're first beginning to do things in the direction of your dreams is almost what you should do when you want to design your life, because you'll almost like try to pull yourself back to that place and it's all unconscious.

So how you design your reality is almost, um. It, it, it depends upon where you're at in the stage of it. You know, it's like you have to gradually learn how to trust yourself again, because trusting yourself and what I want, what I feel kind of got you in the mess in the first place. And so it's interesting how you have to learn how to unwind that.

And no longer do that, and then begin to trust yourself again. When you, when you know better, it's kind of like, you know when your life is not where you want to be. You almost have to treat yourself like you're an addict or you're a recovering addict from, you know, just living in turmoil for a while. So, I mean, that's really the first step if you want to design your reality, is to take an audit of where you are currently in your life.

What do I have? What do I not want to have anymore? And then just make a plan for it. And I'm not gonna tell you how to make a plan for each step and how it all works. I mean, I don't know. A lot of it's so intuitive that like the moment you write it down, you realize already what you should do. It's just you had to write it down to do it, you know?

I mean, so it's not gonna be watching videos, it's not gonna be, uh, buying someone's course. It's not gonna be a bunch of things. It's gonna be you figuring out for yourself, why does you do any of what you do in the first place, and what keeps you going back? To the old habits, the old patterns, the old relationships, and just figuring out, alright, like this is what I should be dedicating my time to.

It's almost like nothing else you should be doing, right? It's, it is like, you think it's money, you think it's a new relationship, you think it's a car. You think it's, I gotta move somewhere. But if your life and just the whole container for how you perceive reality is incorrect, that's the only thing to figure out.

By all means necessary. That's what you have to figure out. And sometimes that means cutting off the world, cutting off, you know, relationships, cutting off parents. It can mean cutting off like every person that you think you know, and even if you think they're good for you, sometimes it means just going off the rails and like, all right, I'm just gonna do my own thing for a while.

And so, you know, that's not really necessarily talked about in, in this space, but it's. It's necessary. And I think that we're going into this new phase where we're starting to value that. That's what really all life is about, isn't about what you gather, the materials that you have, your possessions, your resources, those things come after you've figured all this stuff out.

And so if you haven't figured it out yet, then I mean, don't even think about that stuff right now. 'cause really you'll get it much faster, much easier when you just sort your life out and design a new reality for yourself. Design a perception that actually works for you. Design new skills that actually work for you.

Move away from bad habits and behaviors that keep you in a loop, right? There's all these things that you can do to just put yourself in a different trajectory, and when you're in that trajectory. Life just becomes better for you by default, and you really don't have to try anymore. I mean, I don't have to try to like not do any bad habits anymore 'cause I don't really have any, 'cause those just don't exist in like the worldview that I have.

It just would be completely incap incompatible. So I think that, you know, when you start to design your reality, starting off with the first thing, the second thing, the third thing, it all starts to click into place and then all of a sudden you're like, Oop. I'm in a new reality screen. This is just like how it is now and, uh, I mean, that's, that's who you wanna be going for.

When your whole reality is like a new screen and you look back your old reality and it's like, damn, that was a movie. I was like, I don't even know what that was. I was like, possessed. Then you know, you're on the right path, and when you do, then hey, you know, maybe you should join our Discord community and then we'll actually start taking you to the next level.

You know, that comes later. So start designing your reality today. It's real simple. Just don't do a lot of the stuff that you're currently doing, and do more of the stuff that you know you should do. Like I said, real simple. Buy my course.
