I got another real pill for you. This one's more about the future and the type of person that you're gonna turn into if you keep on taking this kind of advice and what that's gonna look like for you. So what I've realized is I'm definitely at that age in my life where I can see all the benefits stacked up and all the things I did in the past and what that has led to me now.

The result that I am. And I've definitely realized that, you know, as you go through this path, even more committed to designing your life, almost pretending like the outer world doesn't exist, you're in your own reality. You know, kind of. It's become very interesting to realize and see people out there that have not done that and what that looks like.

It's reaffirming to me how well of a strategy this was, even at times when it did not feel like that was the right move at all for me. You know, when I first started doing this, I was very young, you know, I was kind of almost in high school still, I think 17, 18, I was already on a spiritual journey of my own, and I was finally trying to decide, okay, what's actually me and what is the real world?

What is, well, like who am I in relation to it? Because I was so messed up. Spiritually with all this stuff I had just dealt with at home and, you know, whatever, that I almost didn't really even know who I was. So it launched my spiritual journey, uh, almost immediately actually. And, you know, when I was younger, I really decided that, you know, instead of going to college instead of like doing all this kind of matrix activities as I call 'em, I just decided, you know, I'm just gonna be homeless.

Or start a business. I did both several times now, and I'm just gonna do things that are more aligning with the evolution of who I want to be as a person that doesn't fit within the system. And I did that and I became kind of successful at it. I became very successful at navigating all the spiritual matrixes.

And, um, I found a lot of success actually in, in doing all of that. And it was kind of interesting in that that was all that I ever really needed to grow. I think that in this world we find all these different reasons to, uh, we need to learn this. We need to learn that this person's doing this other thing.

And we, we find all these things that we have to install into our own reality. All these plugins, all these attachments, things that we think we need. And it's all because we pay attention to the outer world. We pay attention to the outer world, the things that other people are doing. And you're not tapped into your world.

You see, when I was younger, it was all about my world. I don't care about the our world. So now, even at this time right now, especially if you are a young person, you know, it's more than ever about the outer world. What, what new thing is happening, what new political system is changing, whose belief systems do I need to model after today, and what videos I need to watch.

Even this one. There's all these different mechanisms in place to kind of neatly curate you. Like the algorithm is curating you into the person that you don't even wanna be. It's just the things that are entertaining to you slowly shape and form every aspect about your life. So when it comes to design your reality, like I said before, the beginning of the video.

I've definitely realized this almost benefit of doing this for a long enough period of time and what that looks like for me and what it looks like for people who didn't do that. And all it can really say to you is, um, you probably should do it if this is, uh, you know, if you're called to design your life and not go the mainstream path and decide for yourself that your.

Happiness or your spiritual, um, whatever is more valuable than anything else on Earth, you'll find that you're probably gonna end a lot more like me than, uh, people that you think you like right now, or your peers or whatever. And so all these results are a lot more shown further down the line in life that you go then, you know, right now, immediately.

I know when you're young, it's all about what's immediate, what's fun, what's right now. Sometimes you do need to avoid all the bad things that you know aren't good for you because you see around you people that do it, and then it sort of starts to warp your mind and say like, okay, well I don't really wanna be like that.

And I think that for a young person, there isn't really a mechanism in place often. For someone to like have that click moment to say, I don't wanna be like that. And when it comes down to, uh, when I was designing my life and really deciding for myself what I wanna be, I think having a judgmental character is probably the one thing that benefited me the most, actually, is all I did was look around and be like, I don't wanna be like that, like that, like that.

I don't wanna be like any of it. And so. It's, it's a weird thing, you know? 'cause as a young person, you have to develop preference. You have to develop your own style, your own way of thinking about things. Um, you have to go in the direction of your dreams while also pursuing all the life stuff. And I just wanna say that, you know, if you're at all thinking about designing your life or your reality, another thing is you probably need a little bit of help.

That's why you can join our community. I, we, we intend to help you. But you know, when I was growing up and doing this stuff, I really didn't have any help at all. And I mean, I turned out fine. But you know, the, the tricks and the, the traps and the PSYOPs are a little bit more different these days, let's just say.

And so, I don't know, man, it's. Designing your life and designing your reality. It's kind of strange. You almost have to pretend like the outer world doesn't exist. 'cause it really doesn't. And your own reality exists because your own reality has all the stuff embedded within it for you anyway. All the lessons, all the notifications, all the psychic plugins, things that you need to learn, skills need to develop your happiness, radar, and meter is always informing you about what you're doing.

Right or wrong, all the stuff is there. I just feel like a lot of people are so entrapped with the collective outer world and they're just so addicted to it. And, um, the easiest way to design your life is just to tap out completely and just go in the direction that you want to go with your life. I mean, that's it.

You don't have to do anything else, and life is a lot more about not doing a bunch of stuff that people do. Not doing things more than it is about doing because you're gonna do them by default because you have so much more time and energy to not do all the stuff that people are doing that you know are bad for you.

So, so much of reality, so practical, it's not spiritual at all, it's just, it's totally practical thing after practical thing. Like I said, if you like that kinda stuff, join our community. But you know, you can als always go at this alone. And like I said, that's what I did and it worked out okay. But you know, I did have a lot of issues growing up that took me a longer than they needed to if, especially if I just act actually had some accountability.
