What's up, y'all? So, in today's video, I'm going to go over how to run a successful software consulting company. Now, over the past year, I've been running protocoding full-time, and there's a lot of dos and don'ts I've learned about working within the software consulting space, and I want to share with you guys in this video so you can run your own successful software consulting company. Let's get on into it. So, my first point here is take Adderall. Make sure you're taking a 30 XR every day. This will effectively 2x your engineering bandwidth and you don't have to eat. I'm totally just kidding. Do not do that. My first actual point here is make sure you have a long-term reliable and stable client. And notice I didn't say clients there. Having multiple clients like this is a luxury and it's not always needed to get started. Ask anyone, they will tell you they'll rather have one long-term stable, reliable client than multiple unreliable and unstable clients. So, make sure that you have this client and better yet, make sure that you are doing great work for them consistently. And this contract, let's touch on the contract real quick. Doesn't need to be a home run contract here. This is really something to just get you revenue coming in. And once you have this signed, make sure you're doing consistent great work for them. Through this, you could start that snowball effect because people will get, you know, people will have word of mouth and people will know more about your company through the great work you're doing at this other company. And that will start that snowball and you'll start accumulating more clients and you'll start building up your clientele list. But really, you need one big client. I can't tell you how many consulting shops out there just serve one client. Think how many consulting shops just serve Amazon or just serve Walmart or just serve uh Microsoft. The one big consistent client is huge here. Make sure you have it. Make sure you're doing great work. It's a great starting point to get your snowball rolling. Now, next up here is the team. Make sure that whoever you're hiring to work for you is reliable, trustworthy, highly skilled, and presentable. Yes, presentable. I know a lot of you probably don't think that last one matters, but let me tell you this. A lot of the time, especially if you're a smaller consulting shop, client meetings happen. And sometimes you need to bring on the software engineer that's working on these client meetings. And if they're not presentable, if they're not someone that is, I mean, if this person is introverted, if this person is unkempt, it's a direct reflection of you. It's a direct reflection of your company. And is this how you want to present your company? Obviously not. So, you want to make sure that they are presentable. You want to make sure that they are highly skilled. I can't tell you how many times I've had to hire engineers and let them go because they weren't skilled enough. They were wasting too many hours. They were wasting too many hours understanding what was going on instead of actually writing code and delivering software. It is a skill gap that cost you big. Now, another thing here is the best pay structure I found here is hourly because it really does well for engineers if they want to put in the hours. It's a win-winwin. They get paid for as many hours that they could work in a month. And again, sometimes engineers for us could do a 100 hours, get paid for 100 hours of work. Um, we have that incentive out so they deliver great work and they deliver it on time or even exceeding expectations, delivering it early. We are happy with the software being delivered and the quality of it. And the client is ecstatic about getting highquality software delivered them in a timely manner. So, it's a win-winwin. I mean, at this point, we're cutting five figure paychecks to people monthly, and this is what you need. And you need to make sure your margins are right to support this because really, keeping your teammates, your employees happy and paid and with tons of work is how you keep growing, how you keep surviving, how you get that next client in. And again, if you're not growing like this, you're dying in this industry. Now, next up here, what I want to talk about is making sure to let people go when it's time to let people go. And again, in this industry, making money, having cash flow, and is everything. VC firms are looking for a 500x, you know, close. That's how much they're looking to make out when the company closes. And most software consulting companies maybe at most have a 4x multiplier on their value. No real investor is going to put big money into a software consulting shop. So really it's service based and you need to bring in money here if you're hiring on engineers or anyone in any capacity, managers, whatever, if they are losing your money, excuse me, if they are losing you money, if they're not providing excellent value, if they're not propelling the team forward and the company forward, you need to let them go. It's unfortunate because I really think that every employee, especially at smaller companies, you become friends with them. You really do. And all the cremagins I know are going to say, "You can't become friends with your employees. What if you have to let them go? It's going to be so hard. It's the price of doing business." And it's unfortunate. And really, you failed by bringing them on. You need to take ultimate ownership here that it was your fault bringing them on and it's your fault that they're not up to snuff and not up to making you money. So really, the only one to blame here is you. So instead of worrying about them, you need to worry about the company and you need to worry about yourself because you're the one that brings people on the team. You need to make sure that whoever you're bringing on the team is adding value and bringing in money because if this is not happening, you go under. You really do. Now, another quick point I want to touch on here is networking. So networking is huge. If you live in a big tech city, great. You need to be going to a networking event every week if possible, at least two a month. And I would say that take the money and spend it to go to even more luxurious, you know, high ticket events in the area. South by Southwest, Tech Weeks in uh New York, Tech Weeks in San Francisco. Make sure you're around where the money is, where the investment is. And if you live in a city that doesn't have this big tech scene, guess what? You're going to have to travel because really putting money into marketing, budgeting, all this stuff, it just does not drive clients in. It's not like you're selling a candy bar, something that people could buy insignificantly. You're selling high quality software and that demands thousands of dollars to be built. And that's not something that people will see an ad and say, "Okay, I'm gonna have this software consulting company work for me." That almost never happens. It's very unlikely to happen. So, your best bet here is again that word of mouth I talked about earlier and networking. And the best way to network is to be at these events where these people are. Who do you want to look for at these events? What events do you want to go to? Well, you want to go to events that have a lot of these type of people. And this is who we usually target is older older businessmen or women that have a lot of money looking to invest and they're very techsavvy or they're disruptors. They're trying to disrupt a whole industry. These are the people you need to be around. You need to be in contact with them because these are going to be your best friends within the industry. They are some of the best clients to work for because they understand um the vision. They want to build cool software. So again, another thing is, you know, you get your engineers a lot of hours, but what's best is if you get your engineers a lot of hours that build their skill set, that teach them all these different skills that they didn't have, you know, they wouldn't have been exposed to or have had to have worked on um in personal project. These are things that could be taught professionally. So having high quality engineering hours given to your employees is huge. It boosts morale. It keeps people interesting and again gets stuff done effectively, excuse me, efficiently and on a timely matter. So make sure that that is in place there. Now I also want to talk about contracts. Contracts are really something that defines your business. Having a good contract could really make or break a client for you. I talked earlier about having smaller contracts out there and I wouldn't really recommend that you take on too many small ticket clients. For every small ticket client I've worked for, only a few have really been profitable. A lot of them I either broke even or lost money, but more often than not, I lost money due to how many additional hours we had to spend. Smaller clients, they usually are the ones that have more feedback, want things done in certain ways, have all these stipulations that you have to follow. Maybe they're not paying on time either. You know, you have to wait net 45 to collect. There's all these different things that could happen with small ticket clients, and I would avoid them if you can. Don't undervalue yourself. Find where to position yourself best for an hour, but you don't want to go too low and you don't want to take two small ticket items because this is something that will really affect your lifestyle. You will be spending a lot of time doing a lot of work and maybe at best you're breaking even. Okay, so talking about all that there, let's circle back to networking. Make sure you go to these events. Make sure you're there and make sure you follow up. Make sure you have business cards ready. Make sure you follow up. Following up is key here. This is probably the best way to bring in new business or get new relationships out there is to follow up. Too many times people do not follow up after you have great meetings or whatever. Anyone you have out there, make sure you're always following up and checking in on them. at networking events with past clients with people you may have given estimates to and haven't signed on anything. Make sure you follow up with them. And finally, I'll leave you with this. Just do the right thing really goes a long way. Make sure you're paying people on time. Make sure you're delivering great software. Doing the right thing. There's always corners to cut. There's always ways to get around. Get cheap labor. Deliver the bare minimum when the code is complete spaghetti. There's all these ways to get around it, but from what I found, doing the right thing, building great software, getting these things out, this is what is best within the industry. I know it doesn't get you that kind of short-term satisfaction of getting things out, making more margins in the low in the short term, but really, you got to treat it like a long-term game. You need to build up your team. You need to make sure you have things in place. You need to just keep going here because the more you go, the more time you spend, the more successful your software engineering company will be. All right, and that's it, guys. Let me know what you think in the comments about running your own software consulting shop. Have you thought about running your own software consulting shop? Let me know if you have any questions. I'll talk to you guys later. Take her.
