 A hundred percent. Well I think it's, with these big tech companies, you gotta, it's a fight for market share as of right now.

Everyone's raising hundreds of billions of dollars in order to be the number one product and pretty much be the last one standing. It's the survival of the fittest as of right now. So I think it should be known that the money that they're spending right now is not actually like. They're not technically losing money, they're just taking the investments in, in order to build the infrastructure that they need to be the top AI company.

And unfortunately, right now, since we're so early in the AI mix, AI is a very expensive endeavor. Just the energy cost it takes just to build these AI models. I mean, specifically talking about LLMs. I mean, companies are investing hundreds of billions of dollars into it. For example, Facebook Meta. Yeah, what you call it.

They're investing in a whole nuclear, uh, power plant in order to actually fund the energy for it. Open ai, Sam Altman invested in a nuclear or just a fusion technology company a fusion energy company in order to. Hopefully in the long run that will be the the energy source for their thing. So everyone's scrambling right now to find the correct energy source to build this ai to make it as cheap as possible.

So I think this is just what's what happens fundamentally when, you know, we're in just such an early stage of this whole ai boom here. 

 Well, first of all, a deep seek Chinese company, as we know, we don't actually know how much they spent on, uh, the energy cost, what it costs to actually build their LLM.

So that's one thing to just throw out there. Um, but yeah, I mean, to your point, who knows if they're actually heading down the most optimized route? You would think that maybe in the short term, you're not gonna always head down the most perfect route, but. Imperfect action is better than perfect in action.

So I think every player in this field is just really just trying to get out there, throw something, throw a dart on the board, blind, blindfolded, and correct it as they go. Mm-hmm. So I have more confidence in the long term that they're kind of gonna shift over to a more optimized route if they're not already.