 Uh, I do. And for me it wouldn't be, I don't have a hundred billion dollars, but if I was in Meta's position again, that's just the cost to play right now.

And I think we spoke about this a little bit before but for them it's worth it, the knowledge that they'll get. From participating in this industry, even if they fail, it is gonna be so, advantageous to them because they'll know how to navigate this field more than anyone. So these big AI companies have such a leg up on us little guys here, because we aren't able to spend that type of money, we aren't able to get that experience under our belt.

Yeah, we aren't able to build these energy infrastructures, these data centers. So I think Facebook's. Smart for doing that, in my opinion. 

 Yes. I, I think it is. You're completely right. These big AI companies do have a leg up on us. Common men, um, especially Sam Altman, just came out and said.

You know, the money, the trillions of dollars they're putting into it. First of all, a lot of it's from loans. And these loans are backed by the US government, so they cannot fail on them. So that's first and foremost. But, uh, to kind of circle back to your question there I, I think, I think it is worth it.

I think what we're gonna learn as a country and just as a generation here, I think it's gonna be worthwhile. I think AI is one of the top three. Industries that I see right now that are gonna take us into the future and be something, part of our everyday lives. Um, gotcha. 

 Yeah. I think thinking as long term as possible would be connecting artificial intelligence to quantum computing. And the reason why I say that is because if you, AI just in itself is a better form in most, in some cases a better form of human intelligence as recogniz at recognizing patterns.

And so by connecting it to, a quantum system, you'd be able to I guess influence the physical world as well. And what I mean by that is. You're gonna be able to simulate environments better, you're gonna be able to build better technology, uh, from a materials perspective. You're gonna be able to build a better medicine right now.

Um, and that's stuff that we're doing as of right now with classical computing. But quantum computing makes working with subatomic particles and atoms and whatnot, way easier. Um, and I think that's something. That not many people are thinking about.