 I don't, as of right now, I do not think there's any world where that is the case where we fail in this or we find a brick wall. I think, um, there's a lot of technology, especially black technology. By black technology, I mean like stuff the military industrial complex is hiding that. Oh, like area 51?

Potentially, but more, I mean, area 51 was one thing back in the eighties, but. We probably have more stuff as of right now. I would think that was like 50 years ago. But I think there's a lot of black technology, especially stuff developed from like darpa, which is like basically the deepest, darkest technology that our government has.

That's like where it starts from. That probably, especially with energy regards that like, I don't think we're gonna face a barrier that at all. 

 But essentially what this. What this company does is that we are taking the work out of evaluating homes by applying AI to this. So we're evolving the, uh, real estate appraisal world by automating appraisal reports and that it's about, uh, two, it takes about average two hours to fill out an appraisal report.

 And I think it would be, I think we kind of. There's a good and a bad part of it. The good part is being, is that we're able to make a lot better product for you if we know exactly what data we're working with. But there's also the privacy problem, and I think if you can define a system where the user agrees, consensually to that, that they're want, willing to give their data away then.

I think there should be no problem with that. 

 Potentially I don't know. In my experience. You know, if I, I can, if I could talk to the viewers of this video here is like, don't go out stealing data.

That's all I can say. I don't know what these other private companies are doing. If they are, I would tell 'em to stop. I wouldn't tell 'em not to operate in such a way. 'cause I think that's just in bad faith. Bad uh, yeah, bad faith with their users. You're not gonna be a successful company if you do something like that.